# July Coding Challenges

## Challenge 1: Remove Every Second Element

Take an array and remove every second element from the array. Always keep the first element and start removing with the next element.

**Example:**
```
["Keep", "Remove", "Keep", "Remove", "Keep", ...] --> ["Keep", "Keep", "Keep", ...]
```

None of the arrays will be empty, so you don't have to worry about that!

---

## Challenge 2: Sum of Cubes

Write a function that takes a positive integer n, sums all the cubed values from 1 to n (inclusive), and returns that sum.

Assume that the input n will always be a positive integer.

**Examples: (Input --> output)**
```
2 --> 9 (sum of the cubes of 1 and 2 is 1 + 8)
3 --> 36 (sum of the cubes of 1, 2, and 3 is 1 + 8 + 27)
```

---

## Challenge 3: Alphabet War

### Introduction
There is a war and nobody knows - the alphabet war! There are two groups of hostile letters. The tension between left side letters and right side letters was too high and the war began.

### Task
Write a function that accepts `fight` string consists of only small letters and return who wins the fight. When the left side wins return `Left side wins!`, when the right side wins return `Right side wins!`, in other case return `Let's fight again!`.

### The left side letters and their power:
```
w - 4
p - 3
b - 2
s - 1
```

### The right side letters and their power:
```
m - 4
q - 3
d - 2
z - 1
```

The other letters don't have power and are only victims.

Sum up each side's letters' power values to determine which side wins.

### Examples
```
AlphabetWar("z");        //=> Right side wins!
AlphabetWar("zdqmwpbs"); //=> Let's fight again!
AlphabetWar("zzzzs");    //=> Right side wins!
AlphabetWar("wwwwwwz");  //=> Left side wins!
```

---

## Challenge 4: Cast String Array to Numbers

### Task
Some really funny web dev gave you a sequence of numbers from his API response as an sequence of strings!

You need to cast the whole array to the correct type.

Create the function that takes as a parameter a sequence of numbers represented as strings and outputs a sequence of numbers.

**Example:**
```
["1", "2", "3"] to [1, 2, 3]
```

Note that you can receive floats as well.