# July Thursday Coding Challenges 

## Challenge 1: Object Oriented Piracy

### Description
Ahoy matey!

You are a leader of a small pirate crew. And you have a plan. With the help of OOP you wish to make a pretty efficient system to identify ships with heavy booty on board!

Unfortunately for you, people weigh a lot these days, so how do you know if a ship is full of gold and not people?

You begin with writing a generic Ship class/struct:

```python
class Ship:
    def __init__(self, draft, crew):
        self.draft = draft
        self.crew = crew
```

Every time your spies see a new ship enter the dock, they will create a new ship object based on their observations:
* **draft** - an estimate of the ship's weight based on how low it is in the water
* **crew** - the count of crew on board

```python
Titanic = Ship(15, 10)
```

### Task
You have access to the ship "draft" and "crew". "Draft" is the total ship weight and "crew" is the number of humans on the ship.

Each crew member adds `1.5` units to the ship draft. If after removing the weight of the crew, the draft is still more than `20`, then the ship is worth looting. Any ship weighing that much must have a lot of booty!

Add the method `is_worth_it` to decide if the ship is worthy to loot.

**Example:**
```python
Titanic.is_worth_it()
False
```

Good luck and may you find GOOOLD!

---

## Challenge 2: Highest Rank Number in an Array

### Description
Complete the method which returns the number which is most frequent in the given input array. If there is a tie for most frequent number, return the largest number among them.

Note: no empty arrays will be given.

### Examples
```
[12, 10, 8, 12, 7, 6, 4, 10, 12]              -->  12
[12, 10, 8, 12, 7, 6, 4, 10, 12, 10]          -->  12
[12, 10, 8, 8, 3, 3, 3, 3, 2, 4, 10, 12, 10]  -->   3
```

---

## Challenge 3: Even Numbers in an Array

Given an `array` of numbers, return a new array of length `number` containing the last even numbers from the original array (in the same order). The original array will be not empty and will contain at least "number" even numbers.

### Examples
```
([1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9], 3) => [4, 6, 8]
([-22, 5, 3, 11, 26, -6, -7, -8, -9, -8, 26], 2) => [-8, 26]
([6, -25, 3, 7, 5, 5, 7, -3, 23], 1) => [6]
```

---

## Challenge 4: Multiply the Number

Jack really likes his number five: the trick here is that you have to multiply each number by 5 raised to the number of digits of each numbers.

### Examples
```
  3 -->    15  (  3 * 5¹)
 10 -->   250  ( 10 * 5²)
200 --> 25000  (200 * 5³)
  0 -->     0  (  0 * 5¹)
 -3 -->   -15  ( -3 * 5¹)
```